.github/prompts/openspec-apply.prompt.md, before:

---
description: Implement an approved OpenSpec change and keep tasks in sync.
---

$ARGUMENTS
<!-- OPENSPEC:START -->
**Guardrails**
- Favor straightforward, minimal implementations first and add complexity only when it is requested or clearly required.
- Keep changes tightly scoped to the requested outcome.
- Refer to `openspec/AGENTS.md` (located inside the `openspec/` directory—run `ls openspec` or `openspec update` if you don't see it) if you need additional OpenSpec conventions or clarifications.

**Steps**
Track these steps as TODOs and complete them one by one.
1. Read `changes/<id>/proposal.md`, `design.md` (if present), and `tasks.md` to confirm scope and acceptance criteria.
2. Work through tasks sequentially, keeping edits minimal and focused on the requested change.
3. Confirm completion before updating statuses—make sure every item in `tasks.md` is finished.
4. Update the checklist after all work is done so each task is marked `- [x]` and reflects reality.
5. Reference `openspec list` or `openspec show <item>` when additional context is required.

**Reference**
- Use `openspec show <id> --json --deltas-only` if you need additional context from the proposal while implementing.
<!-- OPENSPEC:END -->

Commit message:

Implement spec: implement-cosmos-repository-containers

.github/prompts/openspec-apply.prompt.md, after:

---
description: Implement an approved OpenSpec change and keep tasks in sync.
---

$ARGUMENTS
<!-- OPENSPEC:START -->
**Guardrails**
- Favor straightforward, minimal implementations first and add complexity only when it is requested or clearly required.
- Keep changes tightly scoped to the requested outcome.
- Refer to `openspec/AGENTS.md` (located inside the `openspec/` directory—run `ls openspec` or `openspec update` if you don't see it) if you need additional OpenSpec conventions or clarifications.

**Steps**
Track these steps as TODOs and complete them one by one.
1. Read `changes/<id>/proposal.md`, `design.md` (if present), and `tasks.md` to confirm scope and acceptance criteria.
2. Work through tasks sequentially, keeping edits minimal and focused on the requested change.
3. Confirm completion before updating statuses—make sure every item in `tasks.md` is finished.
4. Update the checklist after all work is done so each task is marked `- [x]` and reflects reality.
5. Run `openspec list` and verify the change shows 100% completion (all tasks checked).
6. Run `openspec validate <id> --strict` to ensure spec format is valid.
7. Create a Copilot task reminding the user to run manual integration tests if tasks.md includes manual validation steps.
8. Reference `openspec list` or `openspec show <item>` when additional context is required.

**Reference**
- Use `openspec show <id> --json --deltas-only` if you need additional context from the proposal while implementing.
<!-- OPENSPEC:END -->
